Brad, Alex, Michael, Brenda

Demo:
* zoom in/ zoom out no supersized labels
* run script with boundary; change color scale; add field to display; use “_V” currently for field names with 
  Solo predefined functions.

Alex and Brad noted that regarding the priority of Boundary Editor features,  the Polygon is the most useful.  
Currently Circle and Brush tools are not working, and they have lower priority as far as working features 
for the first releases of HawkEdit.  Brad noted that the Brush tool has higher priority as being more useful 
than the Circle tool.  Alex agreed with this.  The main features of the Boundary Editor to make it useful for 
the first releases of HawkEdit are:
* Polygon tool
* Clear boundary
* Save multiple boundaries
* Polygon with moveable points

Brad and Alex noted that the current icon in the message that is displayed when a script completes is misleading.  
The icon looks like something went wrong, when actually, the script completed without error.  
Brenda will add this to the issues.

Alex and Brad both noted that HawkEdit with airborne data gives an error “bad sweep index” when running a script.  
This error is not present for SPOL PECAN data.  The error does occur with .ar2b Miami NEXRAD data, Eldora sweep data 
and other files from the set of test data that Alex added to the Github repository of test data. Since this error is 
preventing any further testing of the scripts, tracking down this bug is top priority.

Alex and Brad noticed that the parameter color scale editor does not update after a change to the max or min value.  
A further click in the dialog is needed for the color scale to refresh.

The boundary thickness differs between airborne and ground-based data.  The ground-based data boundary line is too thin.  
Also, it would be useful to allow a color change of the boundary line.

Alex noted that when working with the polar display, there are several actions that can be active at the same time.  
These include boundary point selection, zoom in/ zoom out, and then with the addition of panning, it can be confusing 
to both the software and to the user which tool is active.  We need to think about a different cursor to indicate which 
tool is active when interacting with the polar display.

We all had a question about the PURPLE_HAZE  field variable in some Hurricane data that Ting-Yu frequently used.  
Perhaps there is an explanation of the data and the field variable name?

We all agreed to move the regular meetings to Tuesdays from 2-3pm since the regular Thursday 4-5pm time has some conflicts.  
